[DOCS-1956] Update docs for hashed API keys (#2018)
wandb/docs: platform/app/settings-page.mdx

sidebarTitle: Overview

> ---

Reviewer: Add page links to bullet point items for easier navigation?

Within your individual user account you can:

> - Edit your profile, including your profile picture, display name, geography location, biography information, and email addresses associated to your account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Edit your profile, including your profile picture, display name, geographic location, biography information, and email addresses associated with your account.
```
